Cleanup and fixes for combining (#161)
json-schema-org/understanding-json-schema: source/reference/combining.rst

simple as allowing a value to be validated against multiple criteria
at the same time.

These keywords correspond to well known boolean algebra concepts like
AND, OR, XOR, and NOT. You can often use these keywords to express

> complex constraints that you can't otherwise express with standard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
complex constraints that can't otherwise be express with standard
```

Author: I agree, with the change, but it's missing something.

```suggestion
complex constraints that can't otherwise be expressed with standard
```
